[Doc][KubeRay] Update RayJob doc (#42790)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/kubernetes/getting-started/rayjob-quick-start.md

# RayJob Quickstart

## Prerequisites

* KubeRay v0.6.0 or higher
  * KubeRay v0.6.0 or v1.0.0: Ray 1.10 or higher.
  * KubeRay v1.1.0 is highly recommended: Ray 2.8.0 or higher. This document is mainly for KubeRay v1.1.0.

## What's a RayJob?

A RayJob manages two aspects:

* **RayCluster**: A RayCluster custom resource manages all Pods in a Ray cluster, including a head Pod and multiple worker Pods.
* **Job**: A Kubernetes Job runs `ray job submit` to submit a Ray job to the RayCluster.

## What does the RayJob provide?

With RayJob, KubeRay automatically creates a RayCluster and submits a job when the cluster is ready. You can also configure RayJob to automatically delete the RayCluster once the Ray job finishes.

To understand the following content better, you should understand the difference between:
* RayJob: A Kubernetes custom resource definition (CRD) provided by KubeRay.

> * Ray job: A Ray job is a packaged ray application that can run on a remote Ray cluster. See [this document](jobs-overview) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ray job: A Ray job is a packaged Ray application that can run on a remote Ray cluster. See [this document](jobs-overview) for more details.
```

* Submitter: The submitter is a Kubernetes Job that runs `ray job submit` to submit a Ray job to the RayCluster.

## RayJob Configuration

* RayCluster configuration

>   * `rayClusterSpec` - Define the **RayCluster** custom resource to run the Ray job on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `rayClusterSpec` - Defines the **RayCluster** custom resource to run the Ray job on.
```

* Ray job configuration
  * `entrypoint` - The submitter runs `ray job submit --address ... --submission-id ... -- $entrypoint` to submit a Ray job to the RayCluster.

>   * `runtimeEnvYAML` - _(Optional)_ A runtime environment describes the dependencies the Ray job needs to run, including files, packages, environment variables, and more. The configuration provided as a multi-line YAML string. See {ref}`Runtime Environments <runtime-environments>` for more details. _(New in KubeRay version 1.0.0)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `runtimeEnvYAML` - _(Optional)_ A runtime environment that describes the dependencies the Ray job needs to run, including files, packages, environment variables, and more. Provide the configuration as a multi-line YAML string. See {ref}`Runtime Environments <runtime-environments>` for more details. _(New in KubeRay version 1.0.0)_
```

>   * `jobId` - _(Optional)_ The `jobId` defines the submission ID for the Ray job. If not provided, KubeRay generates one automatically. See {ref}`Ray Jobs CLI API Reference <ray-job-submission-cli-ref>` for more details about the submission ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `jobId` - _(Optional)_ Defines the submission ID for the Ray job. If not provided, KubeRay generates one automatically. See {ref}`Ray Jobs CLI API Reference <ray-job-submission-cli-ref>` for more details about the submission ID.
```

  * `metadata` - _(Optional)_ See {ref}`Ray Jobs CLI API Reference <ray-job-submission-cli-ref>` for more details about the `--metadata-json` option.
  * `entrypointNumCpus` / `entrypointNumGpus` / `entrypointResources` _(Optional)_: See {ref}`Ray Jobs CLI API Reference <ray-job-submission-cli-ref>` for more details.
* Submitter configuration

>   * `submitterPodTemplate` - _(Optional)_ Define the Pod template for the submitter Kubernetes Job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `submitterPodTemplate` - _(Optional)_ Define sthe Pod template for the submitter Kubernetes Job.
```

    * `RAY_DASHBOARD_ADDRESS` - The KubeRay operator injects this environment variable to the submitter Pod. The value is `$HEAD_SERVICE:$DASHBOARD_PORT`.
    * `RAY_JOB_SUBMISSION_ID` - The KubeRay operator injects this environment variable to the submitter Pod. The value is the `RayJob.Status.JobId` of the RayJob.
    * Example: `ray job submit --address=http://$RAY_DASHBOARD_ADDRESS --submission-id=$RAY_JOB_SUBMISSION_ID ...`
* Automatic resource cleanup
  * `shutdownAfterJobFinishes` - _(Optional)_ Determines whether to recycle the RayCluster and the submitter after the Ray job finishes. The default value is false.

>   * `ttlSecondsAfterFinished` - _(Optional)_ This only works if `shutdownAfterJobFinishes` is true. The KubeRay operator deletes the RayCluster and the submitter after the Ray job finishes for `ttlSecondsAfterFinished` seconds. The default value is 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `ttlSecondsAfterFinished` - _(Optional)_ Only works if `shutdownAfterJobFinishes` is true. The KubeRay operator deletes the RayCluster and the submitter `ttlSecondsAfterFinished` seconds after the Ray job finishes. The default value is 0.
```

## Step 2: Install the KubeRay operator

> Follow [this document](kuberay-operator-deploy) to install the latest stable KubeRay operator by Helm repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the [RayCluster Quickstart](kuberay-operator-deploy) to install the latest stable KubeRay operator by Helm repository.
```

# rayjob-sample-raycluster-9c546-worker-small-group-nfbxm   1/1     Running     0          3m46s

# Step 4.4: Check the status of the RayJob.
# The field `jobStatus` in the RayJob custom resource will be updated to `SUCCEEDED` and `jobDeploymentStatus`
# should be `Complete` once the job finishes.
kubectl get rayjobs.ray.io rayjob-sample -o jsonpath='{.status.jobStatus}'
# [Expected output]: "SUCCEEDED"

kubectl get rayjobs.ray.io rayjob-sample -o jsonpath='{.status.jobDeploymentStatus}'
# [Expected output]: "Complete"
```

The KubeRay operator creates a RayCluster custom resource based on the `rayClusterSpec` and a submitter Kubernetes Job to submit a Ray job to the RayCluster.
In this example, the `entrypoint` is `python /home/ray/samples/sample_code.py`, and `sample_code.py` is a Python script stored in a Kubernetes ConfigMap mounted to the head Pod of the RayCluster.

> Since the default value of `shutdownAfterJobFinishes` is false, the KubeRay operator doesn't delete the RayCluster and the submitter once the Ray job finishes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the default value of `shutdownAfterJobFinishes` is false, the KubeRay operator doesn't delete the RayCluster or the submitter when the Ray job finishes.
```

The Python script `sample_code.py` used by `entrypoint` is a simple Ray script that executes a counter's increment function 5 times.

## Step 6: Delete the RayJob

```sh
kubectl delete -f ray-job.sample.yaml
```

## Step 7: Create a RayJob with `shutdownAfterJobFinishes` set to true

```sh
# Step 7.1: Download `ray-job.shutdown.yaml`
curl -LO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/kuberay/v1.1.0/ray-operator/config/samples/ray-job.shutdown.yaml

# Step 7.2: Create a RayJob
kubectl apply -f ray-job.shutdown.yaml
```

The `ray-job.shutdown.yaml` defines a RayJob custom resource with `shutdownAfterJobFinishes: true` and `ttlSecondsAfterFinished: 10`.
Hence, the KubeRay operator deletes the RayCluster and the submitter 10 seconds after the Ray job finishes.

## Step 8: Check the RayJob status

```sh
# Wait until `jobStatus` is `SUCCEEDED` and `jobDeploymentStatus` is `Complete`.
kubectl get rayjobs.ray.io rayjob-sample-shutdown -o jsonpath='{.status.jobDeploymentStatus}'
kubectl get rayjobs.ray.io rayjob-sample-shutdown -o jsonpath='{.status.jobStatus}'
```

> ## Step 9: Check whether the KubeRay operator deletes the RayCluster and the submitter or not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 9: Check if the KubeRay operator deletes the RayCluster and the submitter
```
